# Meeting 20170714

## Items to follow
1. IU accounts
    * Webserve
    * MySQL
2. relationship with UITS
    * email: CITO - HR112729 - College Advising SGIS - MySQL/Webserve
    
## Items to discuss
1. do we allow acronyms or abbreviations such IBM, MS, or IUB? (organization module) A: NO.
2. how many applications a student can submit? only one or multiple? A:multiple
3. how do we monitor if student submits weekly journal on time? how to define the start of a week? A: only at the end of the internship
3. how to close a case, when an internship is finished? successfully or not.
    1. except supervisor's evaluation and student's, any other items required to mark an internship is successfully finished?
    2. how to define a failure? A: if a doc is missing (4 docs required), then the internship is incomplete.
2. not all planned modules can be finished by the end of August. Thus, need to define priorities.
    1. internship registration module ( works now, 95% completion)
    2. internship approval/administration (only for intern_admin) module ( 55% completion, planned to be reach working status by August)
    3. internship journal module (40%)
    4. internship evaluation module (40%)
    5. internship search / browsing module (a forum-like module, for all students to look up info about past internships.)(40%)
    6. internship statistic / visualization module (10%, will need real data to determine features)
    7. alum management module (40%)
    8. data import / export module (0%)
    9. notice-by-email module (0%)
8. do we still need this: A:NO for now; defer it.
    * how did student find this internship (**are we going to pre-define the options?**)
         * water center (career center)
         * IU staff / faculty
         * SGIS dean office
         * friends
         * other
4. when to present? in what form? any required deliverables / features / functionalities?
3. will there be funding after august?


## new topics
1. funding for internship: need to ask student if they need funding.